We put Poindexter away
and it changes nothing.
We defend Hector Ayala
and he's still murdered.
Heather's assaulted by Muse
and she thinks Fisk is right.
This, us, what... what we do,
it feels useless.
It occurs to me that justice
will not be served today,
because whatever sentence is passed,
Foggy Nelson will still be dead.
What're you gonna do
about Daredevil?
I'm not him anymore.
And I won't let myself be.
A client of mine was shot.
Guess whose logo I found
on the bullet casing?
A task force. Hand-picked by me.
This is every bad apple
in the barrel.
I prefer "motivated individuals."
He was celebrating.
Foggy knew the night he died he was
gonna win, and somebody silenced him.
Everyone thought you were just a shooter
on a rampage.
You did it for Fisk.
I took over the business.
Then he returns
and I really don't know how I feel.
But I need you to know,
he sought you out to get to me.
Matt, you're starting to worry me
on a professional level.
Ben Poindexter killed
a prison guard
and used his badge to escape.
I know you had Foggy killed.
Your husband, does he know?
- ♪ I see the lightning flashing ♪
- ♪ Heard ♪
- ♪ Heard the thunder roll ♪
The whole FBI corruption scandal,
Agent Nadeem, all that.
It's why my husband was acquitted.
It's only fair it should benefit you, too.
"Release on appeal."
Fisk,
he knows about this?
I haven't seen my husband in a while.
I had you released because I need a favor.
You want me to...
kill someone.
A thief called Benjamin Cafaro
and his lawyer, Foggy Nelson.
I remember him.
Escape the past, do we?
The case he's involved with
would shine
unwanted light
on some of my business practices.
It has to be soon.
In the next few days.
Dr. Jane,
seven-five-three-three.
Benjamin,
I'm offering you a chance
to get your mind back.
Your self...
This is no way to live.
You are the very best
at this type of thing.
That's why I came.
Your history with my husband
isn't part of this.
He's... always part of this.
It's a simple offer.
Dr. Patel, six-six-three.
Trust me.
You're free.
♪ I see the lightning flash ♪
♪ See the lightning flash ♪
♪ Heard the thunder roll ♪
♪ Storm cloud... ♪
Matt!
Karen?
It's the drugs.
Heather.
You okay?
Fine.
I...
Water?
Fisk?
You saved his life.
Yeah.
I heard someone scream "gun"
and I just reacted. Poindexter?
He's still at large.
Kirsten, Vanessa Fisk
ordered the hit on Foggy.
Listen, the case Foggy was working on,
can you get me access to it from...
Hey, listen,
you're on a ton of medication.
I know how this sounds.
I really don't think you do.
I don't think you do. Okay?
I'm still shaking.
All I care is that you're still alive.
Vanessa...
I know.
Foggy knew
he was gonna win his case.
I talked to Josie. He'd already
opened a bottle of O'Melveny's.
I remember him drinking it.
- Right?
- He was saying that he was
celebrating an early win,
but I think it was just bluster.
No, it wasn't.
I think he was sitting on something
the Fisks didn't want exposed.
You do realize
they were the ones getting shot at.
- I know. Hey. I know it was them.
- Yeah.
I just don't know why.
Do you remember anything else
from that night?
Um...
I remember him saying that he was
gonna be filing a motion to dismiss.
I need to see it.
You can't, because it wasn't filed.
Then I need to get out of here
and find it.
Hey, hey. Just...
You moved millions
through Red Hook.
Now that I'm mayor,
we can move billions.
- Gallo and the police.
- Luca. Hmm.
- And the gangs?
- All of it architecture.
I-I ran to save the city.
But opportunities present themselves.
Matt, just... You gotta take it easy, Matt.
I'm not losing it, Heather.
However much you think you know Fisk,
you don't. And it's really dangerous.
I'm sorry you don't believe me,
but I'm telling you the truth.
I think it's better I come back
once you've...
had some rest.
I'll be out in a second.
They're gonna go out there
and hunt down not only Poindexter,
but all vigilantes!
There'll be no body cams,
no due process, no warrants!
Sir, that not only goes against
the operating principles of the NYPD,
it's illegal. I mean, next, you'll be
condoning the use of lethal force.
"Condoning"? Absolutely not.
Encouraging, Gallo! Encouraging!
I want the bridges shut down!
I want the tunnels closed!
Sir, a lone gunman attacking
the mayor is a massive affront.
Of course, I see that.
But to seal the city,
you need a large scale, real,
and present threat to public safety.
Sheila, your concerns are noted.
Now you all have a job to do.
Buck, one moment, please.
Tell me, what's Matt Murdock's condition?
Stable. Recovering at Metro-General.
Murdock saving you does complicate
the optics of things, somewhat.
No.
Quite the opposite.
Imagine if our fearless lawyer
from Hell's Kitchen...
were to succumb to his wounds.
Wounds he's sustained
by trying to save the mayor.
In this case,
a dead hero
is better than a live vigilante.
Matt, I'm really, really glad
that you're gonna be okay. I am.
But we're gonna have to have a serious
conversation
on the other side of this, all right?
Dr. Calvinson, three-zero-six.
I've been giving thought
to what you said earlier about threats
and public safety.
I'm so glad, sir.
Sometimes our reactions are worse
than the offenses that cause them.
Sheila, I've...
In business, there's always
a tipping point in a negotiation.
We are in that place with this city.
It just needs a little push...
and they'll come to us with open arms.
And what would that push be?
You're a very perceptive woman.
I imagine that you know
who in my staff is loyal and who is not.
People talk to you.
Yeah, yeah, you can say that
I've got an ear to the ground here.
Good.
Send everyone
who's not completely on board...
home.
Yes, sir.
On your way out, can you send in
our friend from Con Ed?
Outpatient
department manager, please dial 5-7-3.
Outpatient department manager.
We need to talk.
Okay.
I mean, you see
what's happening, right?
I know you do.
First, he guts the force.
Crime spikes,
probably due to friends of his.
And then...
he turns a bunch of rogue cops
into his own personal militia,
sends them out as a kill squad
against the vigilantes,
and now he's trying to get his hands
on the power switch to the city?
It sounds like
you've got ears in the walls.
There are still sane people
in the building.
And I am betting that you're one of them.
I'm going up the ladder.
The Governor, State Supreme Court.
Uh, th-this is still the mayor's office.
Not the Kingpin's.
And he is still subject to the law.
And I'm hoping for your support.
- When?
- Tomorrow. I leave for Albany first thing.
Yeah, well, there's no way
I can go with you.
But if you need me to put in a word,
you got it.
- I appreciate that, Sheila.
- Yeah.
We'll get through this.
- The city always does.
- Hmm.
You watch your back.
Always. You too.
♪ Strumming my pain with his fingers ♪
♪ Singing my life with his words ♪
♪ Killing me softly with his song ♪
♪ Telling my whole life with his words ♪
♪ Killing me softly... ♪
♪ Oh... ♪
You're pretty much the last person
I expected to find here.
You know
you're a wall-to-wall asshole?
Power goes out, you got nothing to make
a goddamn pot of coffee in this house.
Well, not everyone lives
in a fallout shelter, Frank.
Is that a new costume?
What do they call you now?
"Nightgown man"?
What about you?
Aftershave and a haircut. That all for me?
Yeah. Yeah, I did it for you.
I thought this wasn't your fight.
Yeah, well, I got a phone call
that changed my mind.
Care to be more specific?
No, I do not.
I made a promise
I was gonna get you out of here alive.
That's exactly what I'm gonna do.
Northwest side of the house,
there's a van full of shit bags.
- You clocked that?
- Yep.
I'll tell you right now, they come up
here, I'm not playing patty cake
with these fan boys. I'm choppin' 'em up.
You understand me?
I'm not sure I want
that kind of help, Frank.
Well, that's the kind of help you've got.
Hey, Red.
Yeah.
Why would you take a bullet
for that asshole?
That is a good question.
We'll surprise him on inspection.
Now, let's move.
All right. They're on the move.
You're not gonna do it
with your ass hangin' out?
Shit.
Frank, stop.
- You good, Red?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, you?
Yeah.
Hey, we found your guy.
Cole, come in.
Do you need backup?
Frank Castle's here.
That yours? Huh?
Yeah. You recognize that?
You killed Hector Ayala.
He was a good man.
Do what you gotta do.
I stood with my own. I can die easy.
Yeah.
- Do it, Red.
- Yeah.
- Come on, he's right there.
- You're not worth it. Not worth it.
No, Frank. No, no, no.
Please don't. It's not what I want.
You get in front of a bullet
for this piece of shit too?
- Is that what you do now, hero?
- He's not worth it, Frank.
Not worth it. How about him?
He worth it? How about that? Huh?
What is wrong with you?
You can't help yourself, can you?
Goddamn hands off of me!
You're a goddamn liability every time.
- Good for you, blind boy.
- What is wrong with you? Shut up!
- Grenade.
- Huh?
Run. Run, run!
Oh!
You're an asshole, Frank.
Yeah, I know.
Come on, get in.
Shotgun.
Don't wanna hear your shit.
Copy, Three-Adam,
we need a couple more units
over here to help clear the area.
Roger that, Charlie.
Three on point, assistance bare.
Copy that. Confirmed.
How's it look?
Well, you've been prettier.
What's going on? You called Frank, huh?
Uh-huh.
I heard Poindexter escaped.
Called Frank and hopped on a plane.
You couldn't call me?
I needed someone
to look out for you.
You definitely wouldn't have liked that.
You okay over there?
Never been better.
Come on. Let me take a look.
Nah.
You know somethin', Karen?
Nothin' in this world
a good cup of coffee can't fix.
You want a cup?
Uh, no, thank you.
How about you, Red?
You want some coffee?
Got any oat milk?
So, he went after Matt Murdock,
not Daredevil. That's bold even for Fisk.
Listen to me. Karen.
Turns out it was a hit...
- on Foggy.
- Holy shit.
Vanessa Fisk hired Poindexter
to take him out.
Why?
I think there's something
in the motion he was about to file.
He was moving to dismiss the case,
and Vanessa made sure he never got to it.
I think maybe
I missed something back then.
You know, the files have been
in storage as far as I know.
That's right. Will you be my eyes?
- Hey, anytime.
- Let's go.
You comin', Frank?
Got shit to do.
Realize Fisk will be coming
for you, too.
That right?
I'll tell you what. If he does, I'll put
a bullet in his fat head. How about that?
You know something? Inspector Gadget
bullshit...
it's not for me.
You guys can show yourselves out.
You know what, Frank?
I'm not buyin' it.
I don't believe you don't care.
Hey, Karen.
You asked me for a favor. I did it.
Yes, you did.
Thank you.
Stay safe.
What the hell's going on?
It's the middle of the night.
You've all had an opportunity
to look over
Mayor Fisk's "Safer Street" initiative?
Yes...
- and it's insane.
- Oh.
This makes
"Stop and Frisk" look like daycare.
Deputy Speaker, "insane."
What are you doin'?
Mayor Fisk is super interested
in what the Council thinks.
Especially those members
who aren't in enthusiastic support
of his response to the city's crisis.
That sounds like an enemies list.
No, just outreach.
Mayor Fisk cares deeply about
the City Council. Like you, Miss Speaker.
He was so, so impressed with, um...
What was it again?
£540,000 stashed
in a Swiss Bank account.
Right. Real estate investments
in Kips Bay, right?
That, now, that's smart money.
We should, you know, sit down
and share tips some time.
Matter of fact,
Mayor Fisk is very interested
in all the Council's accomplishments.
We'd like to set meetings
with each and every one of you
when the crisis has passed.
Our office will reach out
to each of you shortly.
Thank you, Buck.
The mayor will be addressin' the city
in a couple of hours.
He hopes that Safer Streets
has your full support.
If not, let us know.
We'll make arrangements.
How are you holding up out here?
Yeah, so it's a blackout,
obviously, and there's...
This one is that we have people
actually boarding up
their windows and doors
instead of metaphorically,
and then you have people who are looting,
and then you have people like me who are
just kind of watching everything happen.
Like, what else am I gonna do?
Freeze! Show me your hands!
Hey.
Jesus, Burt, he's just a kid.
No. It's not a kid.
It's a masked vigilante.
I can't believe I didn't check
what he didn't fill out.
Matt, don't beat
yourself up, okay?
We were all hurting.
So...
you talk to Frank a lot?
What?
You sound like you're jealous.
You know, back at his place,
I heard your heartbeats.
God, that is really not fair.
You heard his too?
Oh, yeah.
It's just adrenaline, I'm sure.
You hear mine when I saw you?
Yeah.
Yeah?
Adrenaline, I'm sure.
Oh, wow.
I packed this one.
Oh, man. "Avocados at Law."
You know, I never got that joke.
- Abogados.
- Abogados!
Spanish for "lawyers."
- Right?
- Of course.
Foggy was really drunk one night and...
I don't know, it was stupid,
it somehow became "Avocados at Law."
Hmm.
I'm glad you're back.
Hey, this is it.
A year and a half ago.
Yes! Okay, here's the motion Foggy filed.
- Right.
- Good work, Karen Page.
Well...
Foggy was gonna argue that... Whoa.
"Due to the unique nature
of the Red Hook Port location,
"no crime was committed in New York state
or even the United States of America.
"Therefore, the court has no jurisdiction
to prosecute."
- What?
- Wait, there's a photocopy.
Aah.
"Red Hook Charter, 1855."
Holy crap, it's a free port.
Exempt from the jurisdiction of the city,
and the country, for that matter.
What would that have to do with the Fisks?
Well, Vanessa has used the port
to store art for years now.
I mean, if it's a free port, she's doing
it without customs, without taxation,
without fear of seizures.
- She could launder money legally.
- Right.
And now, our mayor is building
a new complex there.
This charter would make it untouchable.
Gambling, smuggling,
you name it, all of it legal.
God, Foggy had no idea what he stumbled
into. He thought it was a truck robbery.
No, this is about the Fisks
building their own city state.
Let's go see what they're hiding.
What's the status report?
No eyes on Murdock
and the blonde.
Daredevil and Punisher got away.
Jesus. Fall back to Red Hook.
Let's go huntin'.
Copy that. Falling back
to rendezvous one, Red Hook.
- What if he's actually here?
- Oh, shit!
- It's Punisher!
- It's Castle.
- Non-lethals only.
- Don't shoot!
Frank, stay calm.
We just wanna talk.
No, no! No, no, no!
Get him!
Get him up!
I'm going up the ladder.
Governor, State Supreme Court.
Look, this is still the mayor's office.
It's not the Kingpin's.
And he is still subject to the law.
And I'm hoping for your support.
When?
Tomorrow. I'm leavin' for Albany
first thing.
Well, there's no way
I can go with you.
But if you need me to put in a word,
you got it.
I appreciate that, Sheila.
Just take me home, Mario.
Mario got sick.
Wait, Luke?
Haven't seen you in a long time,
not since you were a rookie, huh?
Yeah... long time ago.
It's fresh ink, huh?
You're part of the Task Force?
The mayor recruited me.
Just tryna survive.
Yeah, I know.
It's an honor to meet you, Castle.
I'm a big admirer of your work.
Jesus Christ.
And I lost a lot of guys
'cause of you today.
And I'm hopin'
that this is fuckin' worth it.
Listen, Frank, everything that you do,
you know, you can do that with us,
and you don't gotta run anymore.
These guys fuckin' idolize you, man.
We all do.
It'd be an honor to serve with you, Frank.
You know,
you'll never get away with this.
I'm still the goddamn Commissioner.
New York is standing
with Mayor Fisk.
It's made its choice.
We're just honoring it.
Oh, you're outta your goddamn mind.
You understand?
There are easier ways to see me,
Mayor Fisk.
Not me.
They see you...
But you were never really there
for the rank and file, were you?
You know, the men and women
on the front line
risking their lives
to keep New York safe...
keep you safe.
I wonder, can we blame the Commissioner?
I mean, after all,
he's just a cog in a broken machine.
- You admire me, huh?
- Yeah.
Yeah. Hey...
Out of your fuckin' mind, you know that?
You're a bunch of clowns, you know that?
You fuckin' clowns.
Admire me.
You think you know my pain?
You think you know my loss?
Yeah, I was right.
You... never stopped being Kingpin.
You can't.
You admire me?
What do you know about me?
How I see the world?
You know how I see the world?
It's just a circus. A bunch of clowns.
I ain't gonna serve with you.
I won't fuckin' piss on you
if you were on fire, you got that?
I'm sorry to hear that, Frank.
- Are you?
- Yeah.
What's that?
What about you? You sorry?
Not so bad.
We...
We will keep this city safe.
I'm still here.
We will not let anyone...
threaten our homes.
Any questions?
Good. Good.
Shit.
It's crawling with Task Force.
Hey, 40! Spread out! Let's go!
All right, I'm goin' in, stay here,
stay out of sight.
No! Look, it'll be Josie's all over again.
You go in there, you will die...
or you will kill.
Now you're hurt.
You will not survive.
Is that what you want?
Look, Fisk has the courts...
He's got the cops, he's got an army.
Now, you can go down there, and you can
fight him, and you will probably die,
but you can't beat him. Not like that.
You have to be smart.
I'm right there with you, okay?
I feel lost, I feel angry,
I feel fucking helpless.
The whole city is there.
Do you remember I once asked you
what it was like...
living in the darkness?
Do you remember what you said?
It's not dark.
It's like a thousand suns.
Yep.
Yeah, you're right.
But we can beat him.
I'm gonna take this city back, Karen.
Where do we start?
We need an army.
Thank you, Buck.
Are you all right, sir?
Yeah, I'm fine. You?
Dr. Glenn... You know
I'm going to change this city.
I'm gonna turn it into a place that
we're proud to live in, but I need help.
I would like for you to be
my administration's
Commissioner of Mental Health.
It would be my honor, Mayor Fisk.
- Ten seconds.
- Mic is hot!
Sir?
- Sir?
- Come on! We're live.
Good morning.
We survived... together.
As you may know, there was an attempt
on my life by a vigilante last night,
and in the act of sabotage,
our city's power grid was disrupted.
While facing rampant lawlessness,
Commissioner Gallo...
he chose to resign.
To turn his back
on the people of New York.
The thin blue line has broken.
I will not allow you
to live in fear, though.
I am enacting my Safer Streets initiative.
Effective immediately,
all vigilante activity is illegal,
and it will be dealt with accordingly.
Curfew is at 8:00 p.m.
And in the immediate future,
New York City is under martial law. Now...
with the rule of law restored,
we can go back
to our pursuit of life and liberty,
happiness together
in the finest city in the world.
Never forget, I love New York.
You know, when I was a kid,
after the accident,
I thought God had taken my sight.
When I grew up...
I came to believe
that in exchange,
He'd given me a special destiny...
Like a mask and a purpose
could save my life.
Didn't it?
No.
It wasn't the mask.
It wasn't me needing
to believe in it that saved me.
My mistake was thinking
I was immune to the darkness.
And I let it creep inside me.
I let the dark power me.
I threw Poindexter off that rooftop.
Karen, I wanted to kill him.
The truth is,
ever since Foggy died...
I didn't know who I was anymore.
Foggy believed in you.
Whatever you wanna call yourself.
Whatever's...
Behind the mask, behind your eyes...
that's wrath, and that's mercy.
That's the dark and the light.
He knew all of it. All of it.
He knew you.
I do, too.
♪ Kid A, Kid A ♪
♪ Everything ♪
I can't see my city.
♪ In its right place ♪
But I can feel it.
The system isn't working.
And it's rotten.
Corrupt.
♪ Yesterday, I woke up sucking a lemon ♪
♪ Everything ♪
♪ In its right place ♪
♪ Right place ♪
♪ There are two colors in my head ♪
But this is our city.
Not his.
And we can take it back, together.
♪ Tried to say ♪
The weak...
The strong...
♪ Tried to say ♪
All of us...
Resist.
Rebel.
♪ Everything ♪
Rebuild.
Because we are the city.
♪ Everything ♪
Without fear.
How's it goin'?
What do, uh...
What do they call you?
- Anthony.
You got a last name?
- Anthony Petruccio.
- There you go. Anthony Petruccio.
It's a good name. It's strong.
Where...
Where you from, Anthony Petruccio?
Jersey.
Ah... Jersey.
You know, I, uh, I thought so.
I had a feeling, you know?
- You too, yeah?
- That's right. That's right.
You know, uh...
You know a little about me, Anthony?
- A little bit, yeah.
- A little bit, right.
Oh, boy. Uh... You know,
I appreciate you...
You gave me a minute like this.
It's a...
It's an... It's an honor to meet you.
Thank you, Anthony.